Our system believes and gives respect to national sovereignty as the only means to solving all current global issues. Since with national sovereignty you have the only true way of creating wealth that will solve balance of payments, global deficit, global debt, unemployment, economic and financial issues among other things. Tomorrow’s World Order strongly believe that the only solution is through a sovereignty guaranteed right: the right to print fresh new money without worrying about loan repayments and interest to pay. It’s the only way to wealth. The current system is there to screw every country on earth but benefit a few. Only printing new money is the route to wealth and solving today’s global issues but it’s not just a case of printing money, that is where we come in because hyperinflation and general inflation are animals hard to tame but we have mastered the skills and I will tell you how. FutureGoldCoin [FCI] is a future global digital currency for transactions and is to act as a Single Reserve Global Currency [SRGC] to work with a Sovereign nation’s currency side by side to steer growth and increase wealth exponentially at the same time fighting hyperinflation as printing money shall be the only source of new money. Never Global Debt Again. Replaces Global Debt with Perpetual Savings. Every system must have a leader to prosper. A leader to protect it, to lead it and safeguard its future hence the rise of Tomorrow’s World Order [TWO] with sovereign powers to print our own money, write and enforce our laws globally. Strong leadership guarantees the survival and existence of any system. FutureGoldCoin is a digital currency together with our system and comprehensive approach will change the world as we know it today from global debt to huge national savings and global wealth. Our system and our currency the FCI will provide;✔ A fast and secure way to carry out global transactions.✔ A way of reducing transactions costs greatly globally.✔ Reduce major fluctuation risks.✔ Help to boost trade globally.✔ Help all nations generate huge savings and the needed new money to solve their problems.✔ A huge helper in fighting hyperinflation and normal inflation.✔ Will eliminate the Triffin Dilemma and the Beggar-thy-Neighbor problems so that a country will stand by itself and only its monetary skills will determine success or failure rather than be derailed by external forces.✔ Will not take away the sovereignty of any country which is the only way to be self-sufficient and the road to wealth, with the current system whenever a country uses another’s as a reserve currency it automatically loses this sovereignty and the ability to control its fiscal planning e.g. by devaluing the currency to increase exports. It relies on adjustments by the country whose reserve currency is in use and therefore technically under it.# Whitepaper-FutureGoldCoin
Futuregoldcoin
